docs: Edge node drain (#1463)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/06-integrations/00-byoos.md

### Parameters

| Parameter            | Description                                            | Type | Default Value |
|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|------| ------------- |
| `pack:content` | Specifies the content of the **BYOS Edge OS** pack. | map | N/A |
| `pack.content.images` | Specifies a list of OS images to use with the pack. | list | N/A |
| `pack.content.images.image` | An OS image to use with the pack. | string| `'{{.spectro.pack.edge-native-byoi.options.system.uri}}'`|
| `pack.drain:` | Specifies the drain configuration for the node. | map | N/A
| `pack.drain.cordon` | Specifies whether to cordon the node. | boolean | `false` | 

> | `pack.drain.timeout` | The amount of time in seconds to attempt draining the node before aborting the operation. A zero value indicates no timeout window and continue waiting indefinitely.   | integer | `60` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pack.drain.timeout` | The time in seconds to attempt draining the node before aborting the operation. A zero value indicates no timeout window and to continue waiting indefinitely.   | integer | `60` |
```

> | `pack.drain.gracePeriod` | The amount of time in seconds provided to each pod to terminate gracefully. If negative, the default value specified in the pod will be used. | integer | `60` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pack.drain.gracePeriod` | The time in seconds each pod has to terminate gracefully. If negative, the default value specified in the pod will be used. | integer | `60` |
```

| `pack.drain.ignoreDaemonSets` | Specifies whether to ignore DaemonSets. | boolean | `false` |
| `pack.drain.deleteLocalData` | Specifies whether to continue if there are pods using the emptyDir volume. If enabled local data will be deleted during a drainage operation. | boolean | `false` |
| `pack.drain.force` | Specifies whether to continue if there are pods that do not declare a controller. | boolean | `false` |
| `pack.drain.disableEviction` | Specifies whether to allow a force drain and use delete, including if pod eviction is supported. This option will bypass checking if [*PodDisruptionBudgets*](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/disruptions/#pod-disruption-budgets) are allocated. Use this option with caution. | boolean | `false` |
| `pack.drain.skipWaitForDeleteTimeout` | Specifies whether to skip waiting for the pod to terminate if the pod *DeletionTimestamp* is older than the specified number of seconds. The number of seconds must be greater than zero to skip. | integer | `60` |

> | `system.uri` | The system URI specifies the location of BYOOS image. | string|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `system.uri` | The system URI specifies the location of the BYOOS image. | string|  
```
